feat(cli): add scrolling, sorting and filtering to `vector top` (#24355)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/24355_vector_top_controls.feature.md

> Added new keybinds to `vector top` for scrolling, sorting and filtering the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new keybinds to `vector top` for scrolling, sorting and filtering. You can now press `?` when using `vector top` to see all available keybinds.
```
